bpo-42280: Clarify docs on standard generic collections (#29308)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

Standard Generic Collections
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> These standard library collections support parameterized generics (this list
> is non-exhaustive):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following standard library collections support parameterized generics.
This list is non-exhaustive.
```
